# TODO

1. Introduce local model like BERT or LLAMA, OpenAI realtime API, or OpenAI remote
2. Various phone number for multiples means like menu, otp, simple message, and other
3. Monitoring and Alerts: in a discord serber or other any webhook server
4. logging and auditing
5. Fix __init__ file to export only needed definition
6. Upgrading calls to change response
7. SDK with OpenAPI ?
8. Redis Cache for LLM responses
9. WhatsApp
10. Quit after make register?
11. I need a go server that act has a load balancer that can hold pingpong connection to the norifyr products to know which one are available or not, the go server will have an extra  auth-key so each accounts can only access its own server, i can ban some host in this go server. Each server will be selected by random using a probabilistic function to preserve the fiability of the whole systems (or round-robin, wieght balancer or least connection), using the address or the port as a key. return the heaviness of each function. Logs the fowarding and track traffic count per backend, setup X-Fowarded-For to get the real ip address and add a ProxyHeaderMiddleware in the fastapi middleware. Dedicate a certain server for critic atomic task like setup users,add signature, setup role for user,admin ressource if another is healthy reload the app or delegate another fastapi app more healthy,need an algorithm to delegate with a comittee of fastapi app to chose roles based on several things. Cache request in a window time and send them as bulk just a but later, use channel to split the sub task in the distributed system.
12. Celery Async?
13. Webhook to email status code,
14. Set timezone and language with cookies and date for template
15. Check Cereberus registry in the static values
16. Verify Email before sending, and deactivate bounced contacts
17. Always verify status before sending a promotion, subscription status , and active user or other with FilterPipe
18. ADOPT RCS (Rich Communication Service) when it is available !
19. Features for emails: verify email(potentially implement our own or using a tools), monitoring email( with return path and image), hosting email (postfix,dovecot and more), read email, try to improve deliverability, rotate proxys when sending emails
20. Have landing page and a better workflow for contacts and campaings...
21. Each notify instance will have a persistance on their subject
22. Verify domain using rsa encryption
23. Create an MCP server myb?
24. Cache the ip_lookup in redis
25. Keep the public in the database and finish the private verification
26. Have an (AI) algortihm that chooses whether to run in the background task or to send to the Celery worker with strategies design pattern (will use statistic function)
27. verify template format
28. Implement Campaign analytics
29. Add email headers to specify if it is transactional
30. Add analytics on session converted
31. Make sure the date of the scheduler are coordinated
32. Finish All Ping Service and work finish workers option
33. Publish the state of all the Services using pubsub so everybody can be at the state
34. Implements logs
35. Manage duplication when receiving a request, we will receive multiple OPENED event
